# Migrate cozy-bar from v7 to v11

To migrate cozy-bar from v7 to v11, follow these steps:

1. Update the cozy-bar as a dependency instead of a devDependency in your project by running the following command:
   ```bash
   yarn remove cozy-bar --dev && yarn add cozy-bar@11.0.0
   ```
You should also check whether the cozy-bar peerDeeps are filled in

2. In development mode, the cozy-scripts was injecting cozy-bar JS and CSS. In your `package.json` you need to disable this injection of files by adding the `--barV7 false` option to the `build`, `start`, and `watch` commands. Make sur your version of cozy-scripts is greater that `8.1.1`

3. In production, the cozy-stack replace `{{.CozyBar}}` with the JavaScript code to inject the cozy-bar. Make sure you remove all instances of `{{.CozyBar}}` from your `index.ejs` file.

4. The fonts were imported by cozy-bar v7 as side effect. To ensure that the cozy fonts are imported, you must add the following lines to your `index.ejs` file:
    ```
    <% if (__STACK_ASSETS__) { %>
        {{.CozyFonts}}
    <% } else { %>
        <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="//{{.Domain}}/assets/fonts/fonts.css">
    <% } %>
    ```

5. You need to add the cozy-bar CSS `import 'cozy-bar/dist/stylesheet.css'` into your index or an other file

6. You can remove the bar initialization. Generally you can search for `cozy.bar.init({`

7. Add the `BarComponent` into your layout like the following code:
   ```jsx
   import { BarComponent } from 'cozy-bar'

   const App = () => {
       return (
           <Layout>
               <BarComponent />
           </Layout>
       )
   }
   ```

8. If you were using customs elements, you need to wrap the `BarComponent` and your elements into a `BarProvider`. Generally you can add this into providers file:
    ```jsx
    <BarProvider>
        <OtherProvider>
            {children}
        </OtherProvider>
    </BarProvider>
    ```

9. Then, replace `{ BarLeft } = cozy.bar` with a direct import:
   ```jsx
   import { BarLeft } from 'cozy-bar'

   const Title = ({ title }) => {
       const { isMobile } = useBreakpoints()

       if(isMobile) {
           return (
               <BarLeft>{title}</BarLeft>
           )
       }
       return (
           <h2>{title}</h2>
       )
   }
   ```

9. You no longer need to include the providers inside your custom bar element. Now, you can access all the providers that wrap the `BarComponent` directly within your custom element.

### Note: Cozy Bar store and Cozy Client

If your app shares a custom store with cozy-client and you wan to use it inside your custom bar element, you need to include the bar reducer in it using the following approach:
```js
import { barReducers } from 'cozy-bar'

const reducers = {
  ...baseReducers,
  ...barReducers,
  cozy: client.reducer()
}

const appReducer = combineReducers(reducers)
```

If you did not provide a custom store to cozy-client, you may need to add the `store: true` option when setting up your CozyClient to ensure that it has a store. This was previously done as a side effect in cozy-bar v7.

```jsx
new CozyClient({
  store: true
})
```